In this video, we're going to show you
how to automate making Instagram
carousels and Tik Tok slideshows using
potato. So, we're going to walk through
the automations in both naden and
mate.com for three different industries:
real estate, life coaching, and
restaurants. So, even though this looks
complex, each row that you're going to
see is just corresponding to the
different industries so that you can see
different variations and choose the use
case that makes the most sense for you.
Kevin's going to walk through
everything. And real quick, Kevin would
love to get your background.
>> So, hi everyone. My name is Kevin. I'm
36, live in Malta. I've been doing AI
and automations and building systems for
the last few years. Quite excited for
this one because we thought about three
different and very popular industries
and I want to show you how you can
automate creating car sales for these
three industries in both make.com and
nan.
>> Okay, awesome. Let's get started.
>> Awesome. So, let's start with make.com.
There are some things that make makes
easier. There are some things that NAT
sort of is better at it. And I'll guide
you through sort of what these things
are as we get through it. But if we just
start off with this make.com blueprint,
which obviously once you have the
template, you can import the blueprint
from here. So three dots, click import
blueprint in order to control which row
this automation goes through, whether
it's real estate, life coach, or
restaurant. In make.com, I added this
note right here. All you would need to
do if like by default, this is set to
restaurant. But I could just as easily
and we'll run through this for the three
different sections in a second here. But
if I copy life coach and paste life
coach there, this will now go from
restaurant or from real estate to life
coach. So the three keywords that you
would have to put in here are just in
this note. You just copy paste that and
you can see the automation run through
three different rows. If we start with
real estate, so we'll start from the top
row. I'll hit run once. And now as you
can see this went up the real estate
route. It's using blow to generate the
visuals. Then we have this sleep module
right here. So it's taking around 60
seconds in order for it to let Blow
finish with the generation. Once it
happens, we're going to get the visuals
right here. And then we have a few
different modules here. I'll explain why
in a second. In order to create an air
table record. So the idea with this
automation is that you get the first
step done which is the creative the
creation part in this create a visual
over here. I'll show you this once the
automation completes. But once we click
into it we are able to set a few
different important parameters. For
example the phone that we want to use
the title the main title the call to
action the main title X colors. We can
set the author name. We can set what we
want the call to action buttons to say.
So there's a lot of details that we can
set that you can set depending on your
business. So this just finished right
here. And if I go to my air table over
here and look at the latest result 923,
we can see that we have a few tags right
here. So the there's the industry which
is real estate. There's the source which
is make.com. So if you were to copy this
base this air table database to your Air
Table account, it is very structured in
the way that we have set this up. So, if
I were to open this up, I can see that
there's the intro there. Five mistakes
first time home buyers make. There's
written by and then there is or there
are the five tips right there. So, get
preapproved, never skip, research,
factor in, hidden cost, don't make big
purchase before closing. And then there
is that right there, which for some
reason, let's have a look at that. Okay,
it didn't quite come through correctly.
So, I'll run that a sec in a second as
well. The idea is that with this you're
able to also differentiate between the
different industries as well. So life
coach, real estate, it's easy to spot
and see sort of where that image
generation came from.
>> Okay, awesome. And this works, by the
way, guys, for any industry, right?
We're just showing three realistic
examples if you're a small business um
of different things you can make. But
we're just showing real estate, life
coach, and restaurant. But if you are a
plumber or you're an accountant or
you're an influencer or you're doing AI
education, like this can totally work
for your use case as well. And it's
really nice to see everything laid out
in Air Table here because you can get
kind of a visual snapshot of what that
carousel is going to look like.
>> Awesome. 100%. Um, before I go into the
second row here, if I open up the broad
creator visual, there are the details
that I was mentioning before. So, you
can choose the template right here. And
there's a lot of templates that you can
go for which we're covering in this
tutorial. There's the profile image, the
font titles, etc. as we were discussing
before. So you can define the content
items. So slide one, slide two, 3, 4, 5.
What I'm going to show you in the next
one is sort of a different way instead
of going sort of in the weeds and
specifying every single thing. One great
thing that you can do here is specify a
prompt and then blow will be responsible
for coming up with what that actually
looks like. What you can also do is use
something like OpenAI in order to give
it a prompt, give it information about
your business. So what I've done here is
I said I want to generate a prompt for
an Instagram carousel. The topic should
be around an important mindset shift
considering that we're speaking about
life coaches. Here I said just output
the prompt, nothing else, no additional
commentary. And you can go as deep or
sort of make the system prompt as
detailed as you want. Over here I then
said for context um this is sort of
around the business owners, founders
that want to take their business to the
next level. And I also have a typo right
there. But OpenAI deals with that quite
well. So any context that you can give
around your business to get the carousel
to reflect that would also be this would
be the place where I would put that. So
this generates, let me actually run this
as
anything from your end, Sabrina.
>> Yeah. So what's really neat here about
the prompt parameter that Kevin's
showing is like you can put any prompt
there and Blot will kind of figure out
how to populate your carousel content.
So that way you don't have to like
manually think, oh, slide one is going
to say this, slide two is going to say
this, slide three. In the first row you
saw, you know, we were really explicit.
Slide one is this, two, three, four,
five. So that is one option and that's
why Kevin's kind of showing you that
option. But if you want to be a little
bit more handsoff and just have a
general prompt from chat GPT, then you
can pass it to potato and it'll make a
carousel relevant to that prompt. And so
there are multiple ways to kind of tweak
this. Um, and the purpose of these three
branches is for you to just get a sense
of like what the different options are
and then you can choose the one that's
right for you.
>> 100%. And here the output from OpenAI is
create an Instagram carousel that guides
founders and business owners. And it
goes sort of in much more detail than I
would have been able to give it just by
myself. As this is completing this
second row as it's waiting for this
timeout to complete. I also want to sort
of tackle these slightly right here cuz
you might look at them and you're like
what is even that right? And all this is
doing is making it easier for us so that
when we create the record in our table,
it's just creating this in the same row
and adding the images to the same
attachments um section to the same
attachments column. So it's doing some
processing with the outputs in order to
be able to have one record with all the
attachments attached to it. So, I just
wanted to also mention that for a bit.
>> And even though we didn't mention it in
this video, guys, you can obviously post
this directly to uh Instagram, Tik Tok,
Pinterest, Facebook, even LinkedIn. So,
we're not going to detail in this video
because we have many other past videos
showing how to post this to social
media, but that's kind of the natural
next step if you like what you're
getting here and then want that next
level of automation to actually go ahead
and post it.
So here we got the output from that. So
doing everything start building your
team delegation fear and this is all
based on what we got from open AI the
output of that and then giving this as a
prompt in into blow for it to generate
the different slides for the carousel.
So that's was life coach and again as
Sabrina said just because this says real
estate and we're using that template
this can be applied to any business
whether it's a service based business
product based business it's just three
three industries that we just went with
for this specific one for this third one
I'm going to put restaurant in here so
it will go down the third route and
let's hit run again we have a different
template right here and the good or the
great thing about this is that it should
output something somewhat similar to
this one right uh let's see I think it
should be
yeah I might have a I need to update the
output right here because here we're
also including a an image that would be
of our restaurant in this case so you
can really customize the output that you
get in this case in the call to action
slide in the last slide with an image
that is yours so austo custom image and
I'll show you where to pass that along
to blow potato in this node in this
module right here.
So over here this um restaurant branch
finished. So if we look at air table
again as I mentioned 9:30. So this needs
to be updated to restaurant. So I'll do
that in a second. But if we look at the
outputs here we have the five menus to
try tonight. That's the first slide
right there. came up with the different
menu items I guess and then there's the
image right there with the reserve a
table sort of call to action and if we
look here what we're doing is we're
providing the profile image right here
shows the template and then um all I've
set here is a restaurant carousel for
Instagram so that can definitely be much
more specific based on your restaurant
business if you're going with that so
this is in terms of mega.com
if we wanted to change this this would
also be restaurant as well So that would
be updated correctly as well. All right,
sweet. So let's move to an A10. And
pretty much the same idea right here. In
some situations, it's simpler because
there's no iterator and aggregator like
we have in make.com. And over here the
sort of additions is that we have a wait
node that is waiting for the output to
get back to us showing that it's ready.
So whereas before we had the ability or
we had to have this sleep node which
we've set as 60 seconds right here. So a
minute of waiting time over here what we
have is this weight. Initially we have a
5-second wait and then if we don't have
the returned image or the images here in
NA10 it's all preset up so that it will
wait for another 5 seconds and then
check back to see if we have that
returned or those returned images. it
will keep going through that loop until
it's ready and then save the records in
air table. So nothing that you have to
set up again as we said before. All you
have to do is change this right here
depending on the industry that you have.
So if we were to run the real estate
line, all I need to do is just copy
that, paste it in here and then execute
the workflow. So this will go up the top
branch right here. It's creating the
visual and again like I said it's
checking to see if we got the response
back that this has been completed. It's
waiting because it went down the false
route because we don't have the images
back yet and it's going or it will keep
going through that until it's able to
get those images and then create the
record in air table. So give that a few
seconds and then it will be able to
create that neuro in air table right
here.
>> And naden is really nice guys because
you can have this nice little wait loop
right so just in case the carousel isn't
done yet naden will just check the
status of it and then wait a little bit
longer and try again until it's done. So
for carousels I typically estimate maybe
2 3 minutes. Um if you were to make a
video though that could take like 5 to
10 minutes. So in NAND it's just really
really nice having this wait loop so you
don't have to retry the automation.
It'll just keep waiting until the asset
is done. Awesome. So over here if I
refresh this.
So here since we're using the
template generate a billboard style
infographic. In this case this is the um
live exquisitly. So this generated this
as the output. Obviously, you can choose
whatever template that you want from the
list right here. So, there's a ton for
you to choose from, but it was able to
take the template. All I did here is
said as the infographic description, a
real estate advert showing an exquisite
three-bedroom apartment for sale and
then in the footer book you're viewing
today. And it was able to create that um
live exquisitly luxury. So, every like
it added all the information
required or that it thought sort of it
filled in the gaps. There's the book
you're reviewing today sort of as a call
to action there. So I love sort of the
creative freedom that it took in order
to be able to generate that billboard
style infographic.
So that's the upper route. If we just go
to life coach, which is the middle route
right there. So I'll just
run that. Change that to life coach.
Execute workflow. Pretty similar
situation right here where we have uh
generate a steampunk style infographic
and
pretty similar thing where it's made the
call to generate it and now it's waiting
for that to complete. I was I mean here
I said 5 seconds and then I'm checking
every 5 seconds. As Sabrina said a
minute would be sort of a good average
for it to wait if you don't want it to
keep checking over and over again.
However, with an item, it's pretty
straightforward for you to sort of plug
and play this template and once it's
ready, it will create a record in air
table.
So, we'll let that finish and then we'll
run through the final branch right here,
which is the restaurant branch. So, like
has finished. So, if we look at the
infographic generated there, um I don't
know if I can zoom in. Not really, but
there's a lot of detail that's happening
in that infographic rider. So using the
latest models to get the output
right there.
And if I look at yeah this I mean here I
just dumped a bunch of text. I don't
even format it correctly, which I'm I'm
not saying you should do that, but um it
is able to sort of make it make sense
based on me inserting all that
information there.
>> Basically, what happens is Blot takes
the prompt and then tries to
intelligently create a carousel content
and then map it to like the different
parameters for each template. And so
that's just happening behind the scenes.
So you can actually dump whatever you
want in that prompt and potato will do
its best to kind of map it to a carousel
or an infographic that makes sense.
>> Awesome. So for the last branch here,
the restaurant one, I went with a simple
slideshow with a single centered text.
And instead of running through this
right now, I can also show you what that
looks like right here. So if I look at
restaurant NA10, this is the output that
I got earlier as I was testing this. So
super straightforward, super
minimalistic sort of output tonight
special truffle rotto fresh cash farm to
table life is short reserve your table.
Right? So there's different templates
that you can go for from the more
elegant sort of restaurant situation to
the minimalistic ones. It just depends
on your business, your industry. There's
a bunch of these templates right here
that you can play around with and find
the right ones for you along with the
parameters, the prompt that you would
want to to generate right there, whether
it's you giving it something specific or
giving it a prompt and letting Blue Plot
do the heavy lifting for you.
>> Okay, awesome. Yeah, thanks for walking
us through this. Um, any tips for
beginners who are just getting started
with naden or make.com? Um, what should
they watch out for? What should they
focus on when first getting this up and
running? Yeah, I would say don't get to
don't try to give it the perfect prompt
because it will do the heavy lifting for
you and sometimes you can overengineer
it and not in a good way. So you have an
idea in mind, you again have an idea of
what you want to generate and then you
let Blow do the heavy lifting or even if
you're using OpenAI, you give it a
prompt, you give it information about
your industry and then it will get the
job done nine times out of 10.
>> Okay, awesome. Thanks for sharing. And
for those of you who want to just
download the template, check the YouTube
video description for the links. There
will be different files for the nadn
automation versus the make.com
automation. And remember to get this up
and running. We used open AI here,
right, to write the prompt. We're using
blow here to actually generate the
visual. And then we're writing it to air
table so that you can kind of see
everything, manage everything there. And
then if you wanted to take the next step
and post it to social media, that's
pretty easy as well. You just add
another blue potato node called create
post, right? And that will take your
carousel and post it to social media.